---
layout: single
title: |
  The Sierra Caerulea Conflict:
  The Arrival
permalink: /Campaigns/2023/Prologue
header:
  overlay_color: "#000"
  overlay_filter: "0.5"
  overlay_image: /assets/images/banners/Heresy_PlanetFall.png
---

## The Armies

For this mission, all Commanders should compose an *Engagement Force* from their *Battle Company's Regimental Registry*, adding any additional *Conscripts* to their armies from the list of approved Horus Heresy publications provided by the Event Organizer (EO). The total points cost of the Engagement Force should not exceed 1,7500 Points.

### Setting Up the Game

Before any models are deployed, the location of the conflict must be decided and all scenery set up, except for any Fortifications which are included as part of any army. Speak with the EO to determine the planet in which the armies will begin their egress into the Sierra Caerulea Nebula.

Next, Commanders take turns in placing one *Objective* each in the area of the table until all of the Objectives
have been placed. These markers may not be placed within 6" of each other or a battlefield edge. It is recommended that the locations for these Objects be thematic, either as a Defensible Outpost, destroyed transport, or mysterious ruins that would be worth investigating.

## Deployment (Strategic Raid - Combat Drop)

To Determine deployment order, the Commanders roll off. The winner may choose to become the *Defender* or the *Raider*, with the Defender deploying first. If there are more than two Commanders, split the Defender and Raider roles according to allegiance. The Defender may then choose a Table Edge as their Home for the purpose of determining the direction of Fall Back moves. The Raider chooses the opposite Table Edge.

The Defender may deploy their units anywhere on the table. Meanwhile, the Raider should divide their deploying Engagement Force into three pools of Units. During deployment, the Defender should choose a Table edge.

Once the Defender has finished deploying, the Raider chooses three drop points as noted in the accompanying Deployment Map, ensuring these points are at least 12" away from any enemy models if possible. If it is not possible, then they may choose to either not place one or more of their counters (with that point's models placed in Ongoing Reserves) OR place one or more drop points within 6" of any enemy models, but none of the Raider's models may be deployed within 3" of any enemy model under any circumstance. If there is not enough room on the Table, these models are automatically placed in: Outflank for Calvary, Walkers, or Vehicles; Deep Strike for Infantry; Ongoing Reserves for all other model types.

## Special Rules

Reserves, Night Fighting, Strategic Assets, High Alert

### High Alert: 

Whenever one of the Defender's Units is completely destroyed by an Enemy Unit, it is immediately placed into Reserve (still counting as a Causality for Victory Conditions). After a quarter of the Defender's Total Points in Units has been destroyed, this Reserve force may attempt to enter the battle field (on a 4+ of a D6) from the Defender's Home Table Edge at the beginning of each Player Turn before the Movement Phase begins. 

### Strategic Assets:

The Objectives in this mission represent small objects that are far more portable than most Objectives. Any unit that has at least one Infantry model in contact with an Objective and no models in Combat with an enemy model may take possession of the objective. Whilst a unit has possession of an Objective, the Objective moves with them an remains on the table in base contact with one of the models in the Unit. If a Unit in possession of an objective is destroyed in a Shooting attack, the objective is left on the table and is controlled by neither Commander. If a Unit in possession of an Objective is destroyed as a result of Combat, the objective is transferred to any one of the Enemy Units in combat with it when said model was destroyed. 

A Unit in possession of an objective may transfer the objective to a friendly Infantry unit within 2" at the beginning of the Movement phase before any units have been moved, following the conditions explained above to determine if they can carry the Objective. 

An objective may not leave the table under any circumstances. If the Unit is forced to leave the Table for any reason, the Objective is placed 6" directly away from the point of exit.

To determine the nature of each Objective, a Commander must investigate and then secure the Objective for transport. When a Unit is within 3" of the given Object, a Unit must sacrifice ALL Shooting actions/reactions for the Game Turn. Upon choosing to do so, the controlling Commander should consult the EO for the exact extra rules pertaining to the Objective.

## First Turn

The Defender has the first turn, unless their opponent can Seize the Initiative.

## Game Length

After five turns, roll a D6. On a 4+, a sixth and final turn is played.

## Victory Conditions

The Arrival mission represents the two opposing sides of the Heresy making their initial foray into the Conflict, investigating and securing the rumored treasures of the Nebula. At the end of the game, the Commander who has scored the most Victory Points has won the engagement. If the Commanders have the same number of Victory Points, the game ends in a draw.

### Primary Objectives

- **Package Secured:** Both Commanders gains 1 Victory Point for each Strategic Asset in control of a Unit not locked in Combat with an Enemy Unit. 

### Secondary Objectives

- **Last Man Standing:** The side with the greatest number of surviving Units on the table that are not Falling Back at the end of the game gains an additional Victory Point.
- **Enduring Hope**: The Raiding Commander(s) scores an additional 2 Victory Points if at least half (rounding down) of the Units they began the game with are still in play at the end of the game.
- **Overwhelming Defense:** The Defending Commander(s) scores an additional 2 Victory Points if no more than 2 Units are in Reserve at the end of the game as a result of *High Alert.*

### Fruits of Victory

Should the Raiding Commander(s) obtain at least 3 of the Strategic Objectives by the end of the game -AND/OR- should the Defending Commander(s) deny the *Enduring Hope* Secondary Objective, they may elect to either be awarded a number of RP based on the number of Objectives secured -OR- speak to the EO regarding *The Prize* which their collective Objectives have lead them to.