---
layout: tag
toc: false
permalink: /Campaigns/2023/Chapter2
title: "Chapter 2: The Sacking of Sicerrast"
header:
  overlay_color: "#000"
  overlay_filter: "0.25"
  overlay_image: /assets/images/banners/Heresy_DarkAngelsBattle.jpg
  show_overlay_excerpt: False
  teaser: /assets/images/banners/Heresy_DarkAngelsBattle.jpg
tags: dispatch
taxonomy: chapter2
author: Joe Glaser
entries_layout: grid
excerpt: "Descend upon the ancient fields of Sicerrast Seven in search for covetted Xenos tech."
---

## On Marches the Machinations of War
With Satouris Primus left as a diserted husk of what it once was, the fleets of the various committed forces have re-entered the Warp in search for the next stepping-stone.

Continuing the necessarily bursty nature of riding the various Warp Channels of the nebula, the various Fleets continue their decent towards the ever-present beacon. On one of the many jumps, your Fleet comes in contact with a trade vessel. Regardless of how your Commander decides to treat with them, you learn of their place of origin: **Sicerrast Seven**.

According to Imperial Charts dating from the last voyage into the Nebula by scouting fleets, the Sicerrast System appeared to be a local trading hub which had survived Old Night via selling Xenos relics. While it was never able to be brought into Compliance by the Great Crusade, this vessel's presence seems to indicate their prosperty during these traitorous days. 

Weeks later by local chrons, your Fleet breach the Warp at the Mandeville Point for Sicerrast with the intent to harvest these treasures or prevent them from falling into enemy hands.

**Mission Debriefs:** After you finish playing one of the below missions, ensure that one of the players logs it in our system via the following Google form: [https://forms.gle/gFNQJEq2UKnNqBV58](https://forms.gle/gFNQJEq2UKnNqBV58).
{: .notice--primary}

**Event Organizer's Note:** Commanders may elect to play one mission from the Horus Heresy Second Edition Core Rulebook in substitution for one of the below Available Missions.
{: .notice--primary}

## Missions Available
Commanders may play any mission out of the [Goonhammer-Approved 2023 Mission Packet](https://d1w82usnq70pt2.cloudfront.net/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/Goonhammer-Approved-Horus-Heresy-Mission-Pack-2023-Digital-1.1.pdf) or the [*Blood in the Void* Expansion](/Bitter-Conquest/Blood-in-the-Void) (a single set of actions agaisnt an enemy vessle counts as one Conflict for the purposes of rewards).

## Fruits of Victory
For each mission and before deployment, the Player who goes Second must place a special **Relic Marker** in No-Man's Land and is Scattered, stopping 6" from any Player's Deployment Zone. 

Whomever is in control of the Relic Marker by the end of the Game may return it to their fleet. Then, they may then select one item from the "Wargear and Equipment" sections of the following publications and permanently graft it to a model with the *Character* Sub-Type or the *Chosen Warrior* Special Rule:
- [The Great Crusade: Book 1 - Conception](https://www.dropbox.com/s/skxwhuz8d3psuvv/TheGreatCrusadeBook1.pdf?dl=0) (Pages 121 - 126)
- [The Great Crusade: Book 2 - Conflict](https://www.dropbox.com/s/8jzbqgjv70wrdld/TheGreatCrusadeBook2.pdf?dl=0) (Pages 125 - 130)

Upon permanently grafting it to the model, the controlling Player should contact the E.O. with their choice so the correct amount of Crusade Points may be awarded.

### The Relic Marker
The Relic Marker represent small objects that are far more portable than most Objectives. Any Unit that has at least one Infantry model (or models with the *Line* Unit Subtype) in contact with the Relic Marker and no models in Combat with an enemy model may attempt to take possession of the Relic Marker. When a Unit is within 3" of the given Object, a Unit must sacrifice ALL Shooting actions/reactions for the Game Turn to investigate and then secure the Objective for transport.

Whilst a Unit has possession of the Relic Marker, the Relic Marker moves with them an remains on the table in base contact with one of the models in the Unit. If a Unit in possession of the Relic Marker is destroyed in a Shooting attack, the Relic Marker is left on the table and is controlled by neither Commander. If a Unit in possession of the Relic Marker is destroyed as a result of Combat, the Relic Marker is transferred to any one of the Enemy Units in combat with it when said model was destroyed. 

A Unit in possession of the Relic Marker may transfer it to a friendly Infantry model (or model with the *Line* Unit Subtype) within 2" at the beginning of the Movement phase before any units have been moved, following the conditions explained above to determine if they can carry the Objective. 

The Relic Marker may not leave the table under any circumstances. If the Unit carrying the Relic Marker is forced to leave the Table for any reason, the Relic Marker is placed 6" directly away from the point of exit.