---
layout: tag
toc: false
permalink: /Campaigns/2023/Chapter2
title: "Chapter 2: The Unknowable"
header:
  overlay_color: "#000"
  overlay_filter: "0.25"
  overlay_image: /assets/images/banners/Heresy_DarkAngelsBattle.jpg
  show_overlay_excerpt: False
  teaser: /assets/images/banners/Heresy_DarkAngelsBattle.jpg
tags: dispatch
taxonomy: chapter2
author: Joe Glaser
entries_layout: grid
excerpt: "The fleets converge upon one system in search for the Unknowable: Satouris Primus"
---

## On Marches the Machinations of War
With Satouris Primus left as a diserted husk of what it once was, the fleets of the various committed forces have re-entered the Warp in search for the next stepping-stone.

Continuing the necessarily bursty nature of riding the various Warp Channels of the nebula, the various Fleets continue their decent towards the ever-present beacon. On one of the many jumps, your Fleet comes in contact with a trade vessel. Regardless of how your Commander decides to treat with them, you learn of their place of origin: **Sicerrast Seven**.

According to Imperial Charts dating from the last voyage into the Nebula by scouting fleets, the Sicerrast System appeared to be a local trading hub which had survived Old Night via selling Xenos relics. While it was never able to be brought into Compliance by the Great Crusade, this vessel's presence seems to indicate their prosperty during these traitorous days. 

Weeks later by local chrons, your Fleet breach the Warp at the Mandeville Point for Sicerrast with the intent to harvest these treasures or prevent them from falling into enemy hands.

**Mission Debriefs:** After you finish playing one of the below missions, ensure that one of the players logs it in our system via the following Google form: [https://forms.gle/gFNQJEq2UKnNqBV58](https://forms.gle/gFNQJEq2UKnNqBV58).
{: .notice--primary}

**Event Organizer's Note:** Commanders may elect to play one mission from the Horus Heresy Second Edition Core Rulebook in substitution for one of the below Available Missions.
{: .notice--primary}

## Missions Available
Commanders may play any mission out of the [Goonhammer-Approved 2023 Mission Packet](https://d1w82usnq70pt2.cloudfront.net/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/Goonhammer-Approved-Horus-Heresy-Mission-Pack-2023-Digital-1.1.pdf) or the [*Blood in the Void* Expansion](/Bitter-Conquest/Blood-in-the-Void) (a single set of actions agaisnt an enemy vessle counts as one Conflict for the purposes of rewards).

## Fruits of Victory
For each mission, place one special Relic Marker.