---
layout: tag
toc: false
permalink: /Campaigns/2023/Chapter1-3
title: "Chapter 1.3: The Unknowable"
header:
  overlay_color: "#000"
  overlay_filter: "0.25"
  overlay_image: /assets/images/banners/Heresy_SatourisPrimus.png
  show_overlay_excerpt: False
  teaser: /assets/images/banners/Heresy_SatourisPrimus.png
tags: dispatch
taxonomy: cycle2
author: Joe Glaser
entries_layout: grid
excerpt: "The fleets converge upon one system in search for the Unknowable: Satouris Primus"
---

## On Marches the Machinations of War
The fleets have been tested; riding the turbulent Warp channels for short bursts as they descend towards the ever-present beacon at the center of the Nebula. Its call beckons like that of the old Sirens of mythos, drawing forth all those who seek its ancient power.

Upon the last short jump, the Navigators of your fleet suddenly scream in agony as their collective gaze falls upon one specific world. Imperial records record it the system as Iota-Sigma Satouris 52-84, comprising of a [black-widow neutron star](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Black_Widow_Pulsar) orbiting an ancient red giant on an extremely eccentric orbit. The only planet, whose orbital plane is perpendicular to that of the binary pair's, is a double-ringed gas giant of middling size: **Satouris Primus**. Its various moons were deemed uninhabitable due to the intense radiation of the nearby pulsar during periods of active "feeding." However, the ever vigilant Mechanicum saw fit to exploit a uniquely rare mineral type which was found in abundance. 

Though the coming of the Heresy caused the drills to fall ever silent, something ... old stirs with the ancient rock orbiting the planet. The signature is not of Corruption, but that of pure Nothingness. Something is here, and it must be denied to the enemy less its secrets spur them closer to the prize.

Descend onto the many moons of **Satouris Primus** and face what is cannot be Known ...

**Mission Debriefs:** After you finish playing one of the below missions, ensure that one of the players logs it in our system via the following Google form: [https://forms.gle/gFNQJEq2UKnNqBV58](https://forms.gle/gFNQJEq2UKnNqBV58).
{: .notice--primary}

## Missions Available